Docs/image-support (#56)
cleanlab/cleanlab-studio: README.md

`cleanlab dataset upload -f [dataset filepath] --id [dataset ID]`

A dataset ID is generated and printed to the terminal the first time the dataset is uploaded. It can also be accessed from the Datasets section of the Cleanlab Studio dashboard by visiting https://app.cleanlab.ai/ and selecting 'Resume' for the relevant dataset.

#### Generate dataset schema

To generate a dataset schema (prior to uploading your dataset):

`cleanlab dataset schema generate -f [dataset filepath]`

* For `Modality (text, tabular, image): ` enter one of the following:
  * `text` - to only find label errors based on a single column of text in your dataset.

>   * `tabular` - to find data and label issues based on any subset of the column features.

Reviewer: Is there a specific reason `tabular` says: "to find data and label issues" whereas text/image say: "to find label errors" ?

Probably should standardize the terminology unless there's specific reason not to. Eg. in this case I'd say: "to find and fix label errors" for all 3

  * `image` - to find label errors in your image dataset.

> * For `Id column: `, please enter the string name of of the column in your dataset that contains the id of each row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For `Id column: `, please enter the string name of of the column in your dataset that contains the unique identifier  for each row.
```

> * For `filepath column: ` (only for image modality), please enter the string name of of the column in your dataset that contains the path to each image.

Reviewer: typo: "of" is duplicated

Reviewer: I'd clarify that the image files are allowed to live in a different folder as long as their paths are correctly specified in this column, or where exactly the image files are allowed to live if not anywhere.

## Dataset format

Cleanlab currently only supports text, tabular, and image dataset modalities.

> (If your dataset contains both text and tabular data, treat it as tabular.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(If your data contains both text and numeric/categorical columns, treat it as tabular.)
```

> The accepted dataset file types are: `.csv`, `.json`, and `.xls/.xlsx`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The accepted dataset file types are: `.csv`, `.json`, and `.xls/.xlsx`.

Each entry (i.e. row) should correspond to a different example in the dataset, independent and identically distributed with the other examples.
```

Check below for instructions of formatting different dataset modalities.

#### Tabular dataset format

> - dataset must have an **ID column** (`flower_id` in the example below) - a column containing identifiers that uniquely identify each row.

Reviewer: If this has to be string, should say so here

> - dataset must have a **label column** (`species` in the example below) for the prediction task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dataset must have a **label column** (`species` in the example below) which you either want to train models to predict or simply find erroneous values in.
```

> - Apart from the reserved column name: `clean_label`, you are free to name the columns in your dataset in any way you want.

Reviewer: Clarify that 

There can be some subset of the columns used as features to predict the label, based upon which Cleanlab Studio identifies label issues, and other columns with extra miscellaneous metadata that will be ignored when modeling the labels.

  ]
}
```
<br />

#### Text dataset format

- dataset must have an **ID column** (`review_id` in the example below) - a column containing identifiers that uniquely identify each row.

> - dataset must have a **text column** (`review` in the example below) that serves as the input set for the prediction task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dataset must have a **text column** (`review` in the example below) that serves as the sole predictive feature for modeling the label and identifying label issues.
```

Reviewer: Clarify that:

Beyond the **text column**, the dataset can contain other columns with extra miscellaneous metadata that will be ignored when modeling the labels.

> - dataset must have a **label column** (`sentiment` in the example below) that serves as the output for the prediction task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- dataset must have a **label column** (`sentiment` in the example below) which you either want to train models to predict or simply find erroneous values in.
```

Reviewer: Don't need to adopt my exact suggestions, but I do think the language should be standardized when we are referring to the same concepts (eg. label is the same for all data modalities)

  ]
}
```
<br />

#### Image dataset format

> - Image Datasets have 2 components:
>   - **Set of images.**
>   - **Labels file** - A mapping from each image to a label. This mapping can be supplied either in a .csv, .xls/.xlsx, or json format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Image datasets have two components:
  - **Collection of image files.**
  - **Labels file** - A mapping from each image filepath to a class label. This mapping can be supplied either in a .csv, .xls/.xlsx, or .json format.
```

###### Labels file format
- must have an **ID column** (`vizzy_id` in the example below) - a column containing identifiers that uniquely identify each row.

> - must have a **filepath column** (`vizzy_path` in the example below) that contains path to the image file.

Reviewer: Clarify what are constraints (if any) on where the files must be located. Otherwise clarify these files can live anywhere as long as their full paths are listed in the labels file

- must have a **label column** (`label` in the example below) that contains the label for the corresponding image file.

> - may have any number of metadata columns. Apart from the reserved column name: `clean_label`, you are free to name these columns any way you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- may have any number of extra metadata columns that will not be used to model labels and identify label issues. Apart from the reserved column name: `clean_label`, you are free to name these columns any way you want.
```

###### Dataset format

###### .csv, .xls/.xlsx

| vizzy_id | vizzy_path | label |
|:----------|:-------|-----------|

> | 1  | Dataset/scruppy.jpeg    | cat  |

Reviewer: should clarify if these are relative or absolute paths
